Interesting Sapphire Lizard

medium

# Missing Interest Update Before `liquidateByDODO` Operations

## Summary
The `liquidateByDODO` function in the provided smart contract fails to call the `accrueInterests()` function before performing other critical operations. This omission can lead to inaccurate interest calculations and potentially compromise the integrity of the liquidation process.
## Vulnerability Detail
The `accrueInterests()` function is called at the beginning of the `liquidate` function, and it is likely responsible for updating interest rates or performing related calculations. However, the `liquidateByDODO` function lacks this crucial call, potentially leading to unexpected issues:
```solidity
function liquidateByDODO(
    address pool,
    LiquidationOrder calldata order,
    bytes calldata routeData,
    address router
) external onlyLiquidator onlyRouter(router) nonReentrant {
    // Missing accrueInterests() call here

    // Other operations...
}
```
The absence of `accrueInterests()` before other operations may result in inaccurate interest rates, leading to incorrect debt calculations, collateral evaluations, and overall misrepresentation of the contract state during the liquidation process.
## Impact
Potential for inaccurate interest calculations, which can compromise the fairness and correctness of the liquidation process. It may lead to unintended consequences such as miscalculations in debt repayment, inaccurate collateral assessments, and a skewed distribution of losses among participants.
## Code Snippet
[Link](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-dodo/blob/main/dodo-v3/contracts/DODOV3MM/D3Vault/D3VaultLiquidation.sol#L97-L127)
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Include a call to `accrueInterests()` at the beginning of the `liquidateByDODO` function. This ensures that interest rates are up-to-date before proceeding with other critical operations, maintaining the accuracy and reliability of the liquidation process.