Loud Candy Duck

medium

# Double spend if the router uses pull technique for collecting `fromToken`

## Summary
The purpose of the router in the context of liquidation swaps is to swap the `fromToken` to the `toToken`.

## Vulnerability Details

### If the MockRouter mimics the real world exactly:
Inside `D3MMLiquidationRouter::D3Callee()` anyone can call this function and pass in arbitrary arguments. Anyone could pass in a large `fromAmount` inside the `router.call(routeData)` for the swap data and get free `toTokens`. This is because `MockRouter::swap()` doesn't take the `fromAmount` of the `fromToken` from the `msg.sender`. Results in total draining of the `toTokens` to the malicious user who calls `D3MMLiquidationRouter::D3Callee()`.

### If the MockRouter does NOT mimic the real world exactly:
Probably, the `toAmount` of `toToken` must only be sent out after the `fromToken` has been received, either via push or pulling.

Importantly, `D3VaultLiquidator::liquidatebyDODO()` assumes that they must push `fromToken` funds to the router first via `IERC20(order.fromToken).safeTransferFrom(pool, router, order.fromAmount);`. The router in the real world may do a forceful pull of funds rather than wait for a push, or otherwise have some way to verify that it received funds. This would lead to double the intended amount of `fromTokens` sent, and double the amount of `toTokens` received, which is an unhappy surprise.

For example, why include the `fromAmount` in the routeData *unless* the router plans to do a calculation and perform a pull based on the `fromAmount`?

The only reason to include a `fromAmount` in the call to the router separately is if it doesn't have a `fromAmount` yet to calculate with, meaning it is not expecting to receive funds, but instead pull funds from the `fromAmount` specified in the router data.

```js
//Testcontext.t.sol
        bytes memory realRouteData = abi.encodeWithSignature(
            "swap(address,address,uint256)",
            fromToken,
            toToken,
            fromAmount // The fromAmount in routeData included in the swap call, presumably to calculate a pull amount
        );
```

Also, it could be the case that the router doesn't account for the pushing of funds, but the router still does a pull as well, meaning double the `fromToken` is collected to the router, but only a single amount of `toToken` is received. 

Note: If `D3MMLiquidationRouter` ever temporarily holds any ERC20 tokens between function calls, or gets ERC20 tokens sent to it on accident or on purpose, anyone can take the entire ERC20 balance by crafting an arbitrary router that returns success, making sure to pass in the address of the `toToken` inside the order struct.

## Impact
Drains entire `toToken` balance of `MockRouter` if the router is acting exactly as a real world router would. Otherwise there may be a double spend during `liquidatebyDODO()` to send double the `fromToken` and receive double (or single) of `toToken` if the router operates via a pull mechanism.

## Code Snippet
* `liquidatebyDODO()`: https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-dodo/blob/main/dodo-v3/contracts/DODOV3MM/D3Vault/D3VaultLiquidation.sol#L110
* `D3Callee()`: https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-dodo/blob/main/dodo-v3/contracts/DODOV3MM/periphery/D3MMLiquidationRouter.sol#L26-#L34
* `MockRouter::swap()`: https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-dodo/blob/main/dodo-v3/contracts/mock/MockRouter.sol#L29-#L36
* `Testcontext.t.sol`: https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-dodo/blob/main/dodo-v3/test/TestContext.t.sol#L404-#L409

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Verify exactly how the router should work, whether it is getting `fromToken` in a push or pull manner, and remove the pushing of funds in `liquidateByDODO()` if the router operates via a pulling mechanism.